All right, let's open up our payment service.
We're going to create a new model file, and we're going to make sure that we replicate these five properties
right here.
Or I should say that we are going to store these five properties tied to every order inside the payment
service.
So back inside my editor, I'm going to find the payments directory.
I'll find the CRC folder inside there and then I'll make a new directory called Models.
And inside that I'll make a new file called Order as usual.
At the very top, I will import Mongoose.
From Mongoose, and then we will define our three separate interfaces.
So our first interface will be order adders.
Then order duck.
And that's going to be extending mongoose dot document.
And then order.
Model.
And that's going to be extending mongoose model.
This is generic and we'll put in order doc like so.
These three interfaces serve the same goal they always have.
First one is a list of properties we have to provide when building an order.
The second one is the list of properties that an order has, and then finally the list of properties
that the model itself contains.
So this is going to list out any custom methods we add to the overall collection and so on.
Yes.
Let's get to it.
We're going to go through and fill out each of these interfaces, essentially using the same properties
that we just spoke about over here.
So whenever we create a new order, we have to specify the ID of that order as a string.
We have to specify the about version user ID and price.
We'll come back to status in just a moment.
So version is definitely going be a number.
User ID will be a string and price will be a number as well.
Subversion is a number.
User ID is a string and price is a number.
And then status.
You might recall we had created that order status enum inside of our common module that lists out all
the different possible statuses that an order could have.
So for our status, we're going to say that this must be one of the possible enum cases or one of the
possible cases listed inside of our order status enum.
So for that, at the very top, we will import our order status enum.
From our common module and then use that enum like so.
Okay.
Next up, we'll work on the order document.
Right now, the order doc is going to look absolutely identical in nature, except we are not going
to list out the ID right here.
Remember, we only list ID inside the order at ERs to say that whenever we want to create an order,
we must provide provide an ID.
But when we write out the order doc, the mongoose document interface right here that we are extending
already includes or defines the idea of an ID property.
So we do not have to re list it down inside the order doc interface because it is essentially already
listed inside of that interface.
So we will put in version that is the number.
User ID that is a string.
Rice.
That is a number and status that is of type order status.
Okay.
Finally, our order model.
So as usual, we're just going to say that this thing should have a build method.
It's going to take in some object of type order adders and then return an instance of an order doc.
So we'll list out build.
This will take something of type order at and then return something of type order doc.
Cool.
So let's now start.
You defined the actual schema itself.
We'll make a new order schema variable.
This will be new mongoose schema.
And then inside of here, we're going to list out all the different properties and it's going to roughly
be the same as what we list out inside of order, doc.
The only big difference is that we are not going to include the version because remember the version
property is going to be maintained automatically by the mongoose update if current module which we will
eventually install and wire up to this document.
So we're going to list out user ID.
That's going to be a string.
And remember, because we are inside of a schema definition here, we are using capital S string because
this is not an interface we are writing right now.
It is not TypeScript not required to put lowercase s.
It must be capital s.
We'll also say that it is required to provide a user ID.
So required is true.
Next up is our price.
That is going to be a number also required.
And then finally a status.
I will say that this is going to be a string.
And it is required as well.
You might recall that back on our order service and we defined the order model, we used a little trick
to make sure that the value of status we provided was one of the values inside of the Order enum.
We could definitely do that here as well, but just to save some time, I'm going to skip it.
There's our order schema, or at least the different properties it's going to have.
Now as the second argument, as usual, we are going to define that to JSON method, just to make sure
that if we ever have to turn this thing into JSON, send it over somewhere else, we provide the appropriate
properties.
We also want to make sure that we rename on the fly that underscore ID property as well.
So to define that, we're going to throw in here.
Our two Jason section.
This will have a transform method.
That receives the document and the return value.
So we'll say that Rhett ID is Rhett underscore ID.
And then we will delete ret dot underscore ID.
Next up, let's define our build method.
We are skipping temporarily over that update if current plug in, but we will come back to it.
So our build method will be order.
Schema statics build.
This is going to be a function that takes an argument of adders that must be of type order adders.
And then inside of here, we're going to return a new order.
And on the fly.
We're going to pass through a couple of different properties.
So remember in particular this adders object right here is going to have an ID property, but when we
pass it into the constructor, we must rename that thing to underscore ID instead.
So we're going to say that underscore ID is at first underscore ID.
Or simply me, just normal ID.
There we go.
The version for this, the first version.
We're then going to have a price from our stock price.
User ID from addressed user ID.
And then what else are we missing here?
Take a look at order adders.
Status.
I think it's just status and that's it.
So our status.
Will be at IRS's status.
We are getting an air around order that will go away as soon as we define the actual model itself.
Speaking of which, let's do that right now.
So order is going to be mongoose dot model.
We're going to feed in our two generics.
So order, doc.
Order!
Model.
Make a new collection called Order and fill in the order schema.
And then finally at the very bottom export order.
And that's it.
Yeah.
I think we're good to go here.
So let's take a quick pause.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to put together our two listeners, which
are going to listen for the order created and order canceled events.
Whenever we receive those, we're going to either create an order or cancel an existing order inside
the order's collection.